chore: Add `getAllDestinationsFromDestinationService` documentation (#1013)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-js/features/connectivity/destination.mdx

:::

### Getting All Destinations

Currently, we only support getting all destinations from the destination service.
This is possible through the `getAllDestinationsFromDestinationService` function.
Based on the provided JWT, you will either receive all subscriber or provider destinations.

Example:

```ts
import { getAllDestinationsFromDestinationService } from '@sap-cloud-sdk/connectivity';

// Will attempt to get all provider destinations
getAllDestinationsFromDestinationService();

// Will attempt to get all subscriber destinations
getAllDestinationsFromDestinationService(subscriberJWT);
```

> It's important to note that these destinations won't contain an authentication token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to note that these destinations won't contain an authentication token.
```
[pp] Prefer to use the long form instead of contraction.

**Header names** keep their casing but overwrite other headers independent of the casing, e.g., `AUTHORIZATION` overwrites `authorization`.
This does not apply to query **parameter names**`.
:::

> ##

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
